Link: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4022543427

Groq logo
Groq
Share
Show more options
Software Engineer, Developer Experience 
Palo Alto, CA · Reposted 1 week ago · Over 100 applicants
$145.4K/yr - $276.5K/yrMatches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 250000.  RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.  Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.  Mid-Senior level
4 school alumni work here
3 of 4 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit

Software Engineer, Developer Experience  at Groq
Software Engineer, Developer Experience
Groq · Palo Alto, CA (Remote)


About the job
At Groq. We believe in an AI economy powered by human agency. We envision a world where AI is accessible to all, a world that demands processing power that is better, faster, and more affordable than is available today. AI applications are currently constrained by the limitations of the Graphics Processing Unit (GPU), a technology originally developed for the gaming market and soon to become the weakest link in the AI economy.

Enter Groq's LPU™ Inference Engine. Specifically engineered for the demands of large language models (LLMs), the Language Processing Unit outpaces the GPU in speed, power, efficiency, and cost-effectiveness. The quickest way to understand the opportunity is to watch the following talk – groq.link/scspdemo.

Why join Groq? AI will change humanity forever, and we believe preservation of human agency and self determination is only possible if AI is made affordably and universally accessible. Groq’s LPUs will power AI from an early stage, and you will get to leave your fingerprint on civilization.

Software Engineer, Developer Experience

Mission: ship code daily to improve the suite of APIs that >200k developers use to build fast AI applications.

Responsibilities & opportunities in this role: 


Software Development: Write simple, concise, high-performance code for both our apis written in Golang and our webapp in Next.js.
System Optimization: Performance is everything at Groq. We have dedicated performance teams, but all engineers need to focus on where the milliseconds are spent.
Attention to Detail: Uphold a high standard for code quality and user experience. While building great new functionality, also take pride in making error messages clearer and more actionable.
Sample Projects
Function Calling and Tool Use - Add tool use capabilities to our inference apis and add support for new models we bring on board
Self Serve Billing - Build out the ability for developers to create accounts and sign up to our self serve billing tier
Batch Jobs - Build out a mechanism for developers to submit batch jobs that run inference workloads asynchronously when capacity isn’t full.


Ideal candidates have/are:


Must be authorized to work in the United States
Available to work onsite in our Palo Alto, CA office
Curiosity: Genuine interest in AI and how Language models are enabling new use cases across a variety of industries
Self-Driven: Ability to see projects through end-to-end independently.
Bias to Action: Make decisions and ship code. You shouldn’t like meetings.


Attributes of a Groqster:


Humility - Egos are checked at the door
Collaborative & Team Savvy - We make up the smartest person in the room, together
Growth & Giver Mindset - Learn it all versus know it all, we share knowledge generously
Curious & Innovative - Take a creative approach to projects, problems, and design
Passion, Grit, & Boldness - no limit thinking, fueling informed risk taking


If this sounds like you, we’d love to hear from you!

Compensation: At Groq, a competitive base salary is part of our comprehensive compensation package, which includes equity and benefits. For this role, the base salary range is $145,400 to $276,500, determined by your skills, qualifications, experience and internal benchmarks.

Location: Groq is a geo-agnostic company, meaning you work where you are. Exceptional candidates will thrive in asynchronous partnerships and remote collaboration methods. Some roles may require being located near our primary sites, as indicated in the job description.

At Groq: Our goal is to hire and promote an exceptional workforce as diverse as the global populations we serve. Groq is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity, inclusion, and belonging in all aspects of our organization. We value and celebrate diversity in thought, beliefs, talent, expression, and backgrounds. We know that our individual differences make us better.

Groq is an Equal Opportunity Employer that is committed to inclusion and diversity. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability or protected veteran status. We also take affirmative action to offer employment opportunities to minorities, women, individuals with disabilities, and protected veterans.

Groq is committed to working with qualified individuals with physical or mental disabilities. Applicants who would like to contact us regarding the accessibility of our website or who need special assistance or a reasonable accommodation for any part of the application or hiring process may contact us at: talent@groq.com. This contact information is for accommodation requests only. Evaluation of requests for reasonable accommodations will be determined on a case-by-case basis.
Pay found in job post
Retrieved from the description.

Base salary
$145,400/yr - $276,500/yr (from job description)