Link: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4029649458

Adobe logo
Adobe
Share
Show more options
Machine Learning Engineer 5 
San Jose, CA · 2 days ago · 39 applicants
$150.7K/yr - $284.4K/yrMatches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 250000.  Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.  Mid-Senior level
28 connections work here · 211 school alumni work here
8 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit



Machine Learning Engineer 5  at Adobe
Machine Learning Engineer 5
Adobe · San Jose, CA

Apply

Machine Learning Engineer 5  at Adobe
Show more options
About the job
Our Company

Changing the world through digital experiences is what Adobe’s all about. We give everyone—from emerging artists to global brands—everything they need to design and deliver exceptional digital experiences! We’re passionate about empowering people to create beautiful and powerful images, videos, and apps, and transform how companies interact with customers across every screen.

We’re on a mission to hire the very best and are committed to creating exceptional employee experiences where everyone is respected and has access to equal opportunity. We realize that new ideas can come from everywhere in the organization, and we know the next big idea could be yours!

Job Description

We're looking for a Machine Learning Engineer who will be responsible for inventing and delivering functionality across Adobe's suite of creative products that radically simplifies typographic decisions and processes for our users.

Typography has been at Adobe's core since it was founded almost 40 years ago. Today, we have millions of Creative Cloud users who design with text across our apps. Designing high impact text is one of the most important aspects of beautifully designed work, but it's also one of the most complicated and least understood areas of design.

The Adobe Fonts & Type team's goal is surfacing the power of fonts along with smart and intuitive typographic tools to make type simple.

 What You'll Do: 

 You will be responsible for helping us set the technical and research direction, making architectural decisions, and implementing complex systems. 
 Design, architect and build data insight tools and models for improving Typographic layout with Generative AI 
 Ability to convert a research idea/paper to code in Python and typical machine learning development toolkits. 
 Work directly with Design and Product Management to iterate on and refine algorithms that power automatic typographic layout and styling. 
 Coordinate with cross-functional teams to conduct evaluation studies with multiple iterations of algorithmic and generative intelligence models 
 Maintain and troubleshoot the production environment. 
 Perform code reviews, code hygiene, bug triages and provide feedback on features, technology, architecture, designs. 
 Write automation scripts for testing and for classifying training data for training generative models. 
 Analyze and improve the efficiency and scalability of web applications. 
 Embrace and extend modern development practices, testing methodologies, and tooling to ensure quality and performance in all phases of development. 

 What You'll Need to Succeed: 

 Excitement toward building the future of global typography tools. 
 Experience with machine learning (ML) frameworks such as Scikit Learn, TensorFlow, Pytorch 
 Experience in state-of-the-art Generative AI technologies, such as GAN and/or diffusion models 
 Computer vision experience is appreciated in tools and libraries like OpenCV, YOLO, Detectron , and SAM 
 Image segmentation and masking expertise 
 A positive attitude toward resolving cross-team conflicts and shifting priorities in a fast-paced dynamic environment. 
 Ability to work independently and take initiative. 
 Comfortability in participating in R&D / prototyping projects and technical discussion. 

 Nice to Have: 

 Masters or Ph.D. in Computer Science, AI/ ML or related fields 
 Excellent communication and collaboration skills with teams distributed across the globe. 
 Experience with diffusion models, DiT 
 Recommendation system design experience 
 NLP expertise with semantic search, text revival, sentiment analysis, and entity recognition 

Our compensation reflects the cost of labor across several  U.S. geographic markets, and we pay differently based on those defined markets. The U.S. pay range for this position is $150,700 -- $284,400 annually. Pay within this range varies by work location and may also depend on job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. Your recruiter can share more about the specific salary range for the job location during the hiring process.

At Adobe, for sales roles starting salaries are expressed as total target compensation (TTC = base + commission), and short-term incentives are in the form of sales commission plans. Non-sales roles starting salaries are expressed as base salary and short-term incentives are in the form of the Annual Incentive Plan (AIP).

In addition, certain roles may be eligible for long-term incentives in the form of a new hire equity award.

Adobe will consider qualified applicants with arrest or conviction records for employment in accordance with state and local laws and “fair chance” ordinances.

Adobe is proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity and affirmative action employer. We do not discriminate based on gender, race or color, ethnicity or national origin, age, disability, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, veteran status, or any other applicable characteristics protected by law. Learn more.

Adobe aims to make Adobe.com accessible to any and all users. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation to navigate our website or complete the application process, email accommodations@adobe.com or call (408) 536-3015.

Adobe values a free and open marketplace for all employees and has policies in place to ensure that we do not enter into illegal agreements with other companies to not recruit or hire each other’s employees.