Link: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4029669593

Microsoft logo
Microsoft
Share
Show more options
Senior Software Engineer 
Redmond, WA · 2 days ago · 12 applicants
$117.2K/yr - $250.2K/yrMatches your job preferences, minimum pay preference is 250000.  RemoteMatches your job preferences, workplace type is Remote.  Full-timeMatches your job preferences, job type is Full-time.
57 connections work here · 1,187 school alumni work here
8 of 10 skills match your profile - you may be a good fit


Senior Software Engineer  at Microsoft
Senior Software Engineer
Microsoft · Redmond, WA (Remote)

Senior Software Engineer  at Microsoft
Show more options
About the job
Security represents the most critical priorities for our customers in a world awash in digital threats, regulatory scrutiny, and estate complexity. Microsoft Security aspires to make the world a safer place for all. We want to reshape security and empower every user, customer, and developer with a security cloud that protects them with end to end, simplified solutions. The Microsoft Security organization accelerates Microsoft’s mission and bold ambitions to ensure that our company and industry is securing digital technology platforms, devices, and clouds in our customers’ heterogeneous environments, as well as ensuring the security of our own internal estate. Our culture is centered on embracing a growth mindset, a theme of inspiring excellence, and encouraging teams and leaders to bring their best each day. In doing so, we create life-changing innovations that impact billions of lives around the world.

Do you want to work on features that will protect hundreds of millions of users against cyber fraud? If so, the Account Protection team in Microsoft Identity & Network Access (IDNA) division is the right place for you! Our team focuses on scenarios for protecting Microsoft Entra ID and Microsoft account from account compromise, and on creating enhanced security and protection features for consumers, business customers and end users. Our team is looking for a Senior Software Engineer who is highly motivated, creative, and customer focused to help us deliver innovative features. We work on a variety of technologies including ML/AI and collaborate with partner teams across Microsoft. In addition to doing real and tangible good for the users we safeguard, we are building tremendous differentiated value for the services we protect.

Microsoft’s mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. As employees we come together with a growth mindset, innovate to empower others, and collaborate to realize our shared goals. Each day we build on our values of respect, integrity, and accountability to create a culture of inclusion where everyone can thrive at work and beyond.

Responsibilities

 Develop prevention and detection systems to combat account compromise.
 Research to learn about mechanisms being employed by fraudsters, as well as to determine probabilities correlated with both good and bad actors.
 Collaborate with relying parties, platform teams, and other identity providers to ensure maximum protection in ecosystem and increase net efficiency.
 Create tools and framework to facilitate efficiency in meeting the responsibilities listed above.

Other

Embody our Culture and Values

Qualifications

Required Qualifications:

Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, or related technical discipline AND 4+ years technical engineering experience with coding in languages including, but not limited to, C, C++, C#, Java, JavaScript, or Python

OR equivalent experience.

4+ years of experience with Distributed Services.

Other Requirements

Ability to meet Microsoft, customer and/or government security screening requirements are required for this role. These requirements include, but are not limited to the following specialized security screenings: 

Microsoft Cloud Background Check: This position will be required to pass the Microsoft Cloud background check upon hire/transfer and every two years thereafter. 

Preferred Qualifications

 2+ years of experience with Identity and Access Management.
 2+ years of experience with Azure Kubernetes Service or Azure Service Fabric
 2+ years of experience with Azure ML
 2+ years of experience with Python or Scala

Software Engineering IC4 - The typical base pay range for this role across the U.S. is USD $117,200 - $229,200 per year. There is a different range applicable to specific work locations, within the San Francisco Bay area and New York City metropolitan area, and the base pay range for this role in those locations is USD $153,600 - $250,200 per year.

Certain roles may be eligible for benefits and other compensation. Find additional benefits and pay information here: https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/us-corporate-pay

Microsoft will accept applications for this role until September 27, 2024.

#MSFTSecurity

#IdentityJobs

#SHPE24MSFT

Microsoft is an equal opportunity employer. Consistent with applicable law, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ancestry, citizenship, color, family or medical care leave, gender identity or expression, genetic information, immigration status, marital status, medical condition, national origin, physical or mental disability, political affiliation, protected veteran or military status, race, ethnicity, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable local laws, regulations and ordinances. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application process, read more about requesting accommodations.